[MUSIC]
>> Brian: Now Standard's not being super
useful for us, so let's go ahead and
go fix Standard real quick.
>> Brian: So first thing we
wanna do is we wanna be able to test, not
only Standard but Standard React rules.
And the reason for that being, it's like
we wanna additional enforcement of make
sure you're put setting prop types which
we'll talk about in here in a second, but
there's other best practices for
React that we want to enforce.
So the first we wanna do is we
wanna create a new file and
it's called dot,
again the dot being important,
eslintrc.json.
>> Brian: The reason why .json and
this is gonna go on just the home
directory of your, let's say the home
directory of the,
>> Brian: The root directory of
your project, I have mine in Bundler
here complete intro to React, okay.
You can also do this with YAML I think,
if anyone's into that I don't know why
you would be, but if you are, go ahead.
I'm going to do mine in Json,
okay, and then it's gonna be extends.
It's going to be Standard and Standard,
sorry lower case, standard-react.
And this is basically saying go out and
find these ES Lint rules and
use this as my ES Lint rules, okay.
And so now instead of interacting with
Standard directly we're actually gonna
interact with ES Lint, which it's going
to load all of our standard rules and
the only reason to do that like I said
Standard is not configurable in any way
like Standard is exactly what Standard is,
it will not let you input anything else.
So if you want to get around that
they said well if you want to make
like this config than just drop down
into ES Lint, load our rules and
then do whatever you want.
That makes sense to me, some people find
that really annoying but I'm okay with it.
Okay, so now we have ESLint set up and
now we actually want instead of having
to look every single time and like run
mpm, run Lint a bunch of different times,
why don't we just have Webpack run it
every single time that we save, right?
That would actually be pretty cool,
cuz every time there's a console
they could see everything
that we were doing wrong.
So let's do that, let's go to our
webpack.config.js.
>> Brian: Okay,
here we're gonna do preLoaders.
Now why preloaders?
Because we actually, we don't wanna
run standard on bundle, right?
We don't wanna run it on the code
after it's run through Babel,
we actually wanna run it before, right?
We wanna make sure our source
code is correct, right?
And then we don't actually care what the
bundle looks like once we are sure that
our code looks correct.
>> Brian: Okay, so
we're gonna do another test,
it's gonna be the exact same one,
in fact you can copy and
paste this one if it works better for
you.
>> Brian: So
I just need to be inside of an object.
>> Brian: Okay, loader,
eslint-loader.
>> Brian: And, the one thing that we
wanna exclude is we don't actually wanna
Lint our modules cuz that
makes exactly zero sense.
So we're gonna give another regular
expression that if anything matches node
modules just ignore that's because we
don't care if it's in node modules.
Cuz otherwise it's gonna
let Lint react for
you which if react has Lint
errors you don't care, right?
That's their problem not yours.
>> Brian: Okay, so let's try this again.
So firstly you have to restart your watch.
>> Brian: It's
gonna take even longer now cuz
we're linking all of our files.
We just added like another one point two
seconds on it or something like that.
So let's go introduce let's go
put some semicolons in here
because we're naughty children or
something like that
except that's the other thing I forgot
about this is Webpack's actually smart
enough to say you put in semicolons that's
going to make zero effect on your code so
I'm just not going to rerun right now
because it doesn't actually matter, right?
Webpack's actually kind
of smart like that, so
we're gonna put in some text string
modifications because that is significant.
And now if we run it again
we're going to get errors here.
So, I think the good news here is that it
actually does still rerun right so
you actually do get this
because Lint errors aren't gonna crash
your programs most of the time, right.
But it is going to let you know
this is a problem, please fix that.
So just the way that you read this.
This is line one column 31 line two
column 38, so it actually points to you,
this is where you're wrong and
so now if I go take those out,
it'll happily re-compile.
So now we have
Standard running all the time.
>> Speaker 2: Can you quickly go over to
the preloaders versus loaders?
>> Brian: Sure, preloaders get run first,
that's the gist to that one.
>> Brian: And
again, the reason why we run that first
is, we don't want to compile it first
before we run Babel, or before we run
the Linter on it because we don't actually
care if the compiled code passes Lint,
it won't, right?
That's the point,
especially if you uglify and
minify it,
then it's definitely not gonna pass Lint.
You actually just only care about
your codes you Linted first,
and then you compile it.
>> Brian: Cool,
other questions?
>> Speaker 2: Can
you upload the latest to GitHub?
>> Brian: Yep,
I'll do that, here in just a sec.
Actually I'll just do it right now.
>> Speaker 3: If
you have multiple loaders or
preloaders do they get run in the order
in which you define them in the config?
>> Brian: Yes.
I believe that's the case.
But you wanna check.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: So preloaders actually get
run at a different point
in the life cycle?
>> Brian: Yeah you're guaranteed anything
that runs in the preloaders get run first.
And the nice thing about that as just,
yeah, you probably could just put that
instead of loaders here, but the I think
the basically the idea is preloaders
is there anything that to me doing
like checking your style making sure
your tests are running right and
the load is reaction to be like modifying
the output of code right that's
the basic gist of what's going on.
I think there are post loaders as well
maybe that might be like uglify or
something like that, not sure
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: And so
that just pushed up FEM 7 for
those that need it,
hopefully Here we go.
>> Brian: Hopefully GitHub
doesn't go down again.
>> Brian: All right, so
that's, [COUGH] kind of my
additional spiel on ESLint,
as well as on updating Webpack,
any questions on ESLint,
Webpack before we move on at all?
I guess one thing I wanted to address,
just so
you don't think these
are appearing out of nowhere.
So this extends, where that's coming from.
If you look at your package.json
we have ESLint config,
right that's where these are coming from,
so you have Standard and
reactors that are being brought in and-
>> Brian: We could do JSX,
but just you know that
reactor's including JSX,
just like how they're peer
dependencies is what they are so
you just include Standard in Standard
React and you'll get all the rest of them
that are being brought in there.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: So that's how that works.
>> Brian: Okay, cool.
Well, we're going to
work on React Router now,
unless anyone has any other questions.
>> Brian: Is
everyone having Webpack watch work okay?
Are they seeing Lint errors?
When they invent them, cool.
>> Speaker 2: Somebody is asking
about can you explain peer dependencies?
>> Brian: [LAUGH] I
don't want to but I can.
I'm going to give you like
the 30 second version because this is
definitely not a React workshop or sorry,
it definitely is a React workshop,
definitely not a node workshop.
If you have further questions
definitely check out Kyle Simpson's
node workshop cuz it's the best.
So you have in your package update Json,
you have libraries that you depend on,
right, that that must
go out to production.
These are ones you're
actually using in your app.
So that basically when
you're compiling to be run
on your server these are all
ones are getting included.
Those are dependencies you have dev
dependencies these are ones that you
are using to actually compile your code to
add to bug ability to your code right like
you don't need a Mocha in production which
is our testing framework you
don't need Webpack in production.
You don't need any of those things.
The idea of a pure dependency is,
I have React and
then I also have React Router right?
React Router makes zero sense by itself
it needs React to work correctly, so
React Router has a peer
dependency on React.
That they need to be both
included into a project.
That's the gist behind a peer dependency.
Their giant,just mess and
node, in fact a lot people are encouraged
not to use peer dependencies.
But I'll leave that for
you all can go read Hacker News and
argue with people on about
the internet cus I don't want to.